[DOC] Update agent API (#4943)
flyteorg/flyte: docs/flyte_agents/testing_agents_locally.md

```

> Adding `AsyncAgentExecutorMixin` to this class to tell flytekit to use the agent to run the task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `AsyncAgentExecutorMixin` to this class to tell flytekit to use the agent to run the task.
```

You can run the above example task locally and test the agent with the following command:

```bash
pyflyte run bigquery_task.py bigquery_doge_coin --version 10
```

## Databricks example
To test the Databricks agent, copy the following code to a file called `databricks_task.py`, modifying as needed.

```python
@task(task_config=Databricks(...))
def hello_spark(partitions: int) -> float:
    print("Starting Spark with Partitions: {}".format(partitions))

    n = 100000 * partitions
    sess = flytekit.current_context().spark_session
    count = (
        sess.sparkContext.parallelize(range(1, n + 1), partitions).map(f).reduce(add)
    )
    pi_val = 4.0 * count / n
    print("Pi val is :{}".format(pi_val))
    return pi_val
```

> To execute the Spark task on the agent, it's essential to configure the raw-output-data-prefix with a remote path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To execute the Spark task on the agent, you must configure the `raw-output-data-prefix` with a remote path.
```

> This configuration ensures that Flytekit transfers the input data to the blob storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration ensures that flytekit transfers the input data to the blob storage and allows the Spark job running on Databricks to access the input data directly from the designated bucket.
```

> Consequently, the Spark job running on Databricks can access the input data directly from the designated bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

```{note}

> The Spark task will run locally if the raw-output-data-prefix is not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Spark task will run locally if the `raw-output-data-prefix` is not set.
```
